something about just so that you know
the pianist said that I have 16
anyway here's how it works if you have
an outer shell and then you have the
actual filter element inside this
element is unique this is what we are
happy inside this filter you can see
kind of a yellow green cylinder shape
that is a sweet that's created and the
sea lion is treated with a surface
treatment that creates a protective
barrier from bacteria to live and grow
so what happens is it's what's called a
molecular sphere and on the surface of
that
if you light is also a wonderful
material for removing heavy metals
captain so we've done some preliminary
testing on a builder with a single pass
with three times the rated flow rate of
our filter which means meeting testings
of the previous levels we were removing
over 50% of the levels
very good then inside this part can't
see very well is a pleated filter that's
made from
a very small fiber and the very smallest
fiber here is also service treated with
what's called a high Zeta treatment and
highs data and symptoms means that it
has a very strong electro positive
charge most most organisms that you will
find have a negative charge of an actual
negative charge and so the high is a the
material works like a magnet and it
actually will pull the contaminants out
of the stream they will attach to the
the glass fiber
like a difference in the shark by doing
this mrs. Beeman certainly exciting
first engineering
by doing this you can have very large
bowls that you can remove very small
partner so when you have larger holes
that means that you don't have to pop
your eyeballs out trying to see water
you have ever tried to drink filtered
water
they tried to refit a filter Bob then
and was the depressor you experience
today the reason for that is that the
holes have to be very small in order to
capture the story you saw the picture I
can give you a kind a little bit of
example here you hear the human hair is
100 microns in diameter so if you're at
cut a human hair in half and look at it
in microscope from one side of the
circle to the other would be 100 microns
in Cryptosporidium or Giardia which are
the two major causes waterborne illness
protozoa and these critters range
between 3 microns by a bacteria like
e-coli which was shown on the screen is
an average size that the point to my
curls which means they're 10 times
smaller than the protozoa and then the
virus and I'm excited virus are in the
20 to 40 nanometer range
means they are about a hundred times
smaller than bacteria so you start to
get an idea of how small the holes have
to be in the filter in order to protect
you but by using the highest data
principle we can have larger holes and
still pull those particles out of the
water
you suck so hard